hello youtube people to see a
immense amount of comments from
video of the origin of the pokemon is
decided to make this video respond to
the questions that you consider good and that
worth it so let's start who
he created humans
good in any medium of this game
specific but remember the pokemons do not
they inhabited the earth before but
they arrived on an asteroid and populated the
ground as shown in a
episode where the glazers came out that
good research but lack more
missing missing for more and continue to the
creator it seems that he will try to continue with
this until you run out of ideas but
Believe me for that, it will be quite short but
to answer your question, I just need
what about black and white pokemon and the future
game of xy that will be released soon
Newton is a Pokémon because it was
created by humans also because in
the movie on youtube south new youtube
refers to as the most coach
strong of the universe u2 is still a
pokémon because it's made from
adn of one in this case of a thousand so
you practically follow
1 and he said he is the best coach
just to say that it's more than the
humans if we see the series from a point
of view in which the pokemon are
being recently discovered like this
when it leaves the village palette there is only
discovered 150 that does not mean that
there are only 150 and it is also true that
already within the series of mohamed the
truth is that all you have said is
true the pokemon just like the
species exist different in parts
of the world in this case of regions and
three evolutions of hebe and he had no
no participation in the creation of
the origins of the Pokémons so
mentioning it is irrelevant but as
Curious data is one of the few
pokémons that can change type
when they evolve they knew that being is a
fly on se with a vapor and on and rayco is
a hit on is possible but the story
that count on either the anime or the
games does not mention anything that pokémons
they die in the tower where they were created
555 is not good at all I chose this question
because I thought it was funny where
start
first good is not written with vv
girl depending on what you call her or
you know you write with violent candle what
see big and second 555 is a circuit
integrated and if you want to know what that is
I invite you to look for it, let's go to the
next gelatin our death is
based on antimatter
that is also true but it was locked
because it was very violent and possibly
he had killed pokémons and dragons where
it fits into creation nothing but it's just
a pokemon something old and dioxide is not
he knows a lot about this pokemon just that he has
come from space but God did not have
participation in the creation of
pokémons only created him and now
it is said that it emerged from a space virus
and it's one of the type pokemon
most powerful psychic that exist if you already
they pulled out more legendary pokémon are in
the fifth generation make a video of that
I will effectively do one but I will wait
play the new ones I mean x and aie
so that you do not have to update the
video again so have a bit of
patience until they take out the game this
October and 1 month
of the ones you know very little is one of
the most mysterious pokemones that
exist and the truth has not been revealed
much of it because of its existence nor
What relationships do they have with the ruins like this?
that can not be clarified if
they participated in the creation of
the pokemons one thing that the
legendary pokémon is that they were
created by other legendary pokémon
very true since the ceus was the origin
where all this started could be
say that a legendary pokemon created a
others in sequence and so forged
this entertaining story of appearance
endless this October 2013 the
sixth generation will shit for inside
your video and even legend will then come out
another until the seventh that you said
is not entirely true since in the
origins of the pokémons will follow everything
equal to the ceus will remain the one that
created he will remain the god of the
pokemon and if indeed they will continue
taking out and extending the story until
that the fans get bored do not buy the
games do not watch the anime or manga but
Believe me, that's a long way from now
this weon knows where it is for thanks
but I 'm not an expert on the subject
and only that unlike some
people I like to enjoy the
story and go a little bit to this one and
be in the game of anime not only
enjoy the gameplay or effects
luminic without understanding what is
happening and the reason for these good ones
I appreciate seeing the video and many
they had requested a second video
including the story of white pokemon
and black 2 but I'll wait until it comes out
x and if you want to keep asking them
I invite you to leave your doubts here in the
comment box of this video and
when there is an acceptable amount
I will respond in another video a greeting to
all the subscribers and youtube those who
see this video by chance we are
in the next video